in a town without rules it's all there
you can carry through some stuff
Oh yet the stuff I'll be right back
the only rumors
10 - are the rules of the road you think
you can catch me I don't think I know
the first will be ever produced by the
California Highway Patrol
left right left center
the national crossing guards union says
walk don't run to see this film
[Applause]
without cutting into a live feed from
chopper one it's a low speed chase on
Hawthorne Avenue
[Music]
[Applause]
the consumer Safety Council raves it's
an epic thrill ride that will leave you
in the middle of your seat where you
won't fall off speed bump slow down
20 Esplanade oh my goodness
Oh
[Music]
maniac hello mr. Nelson I want to thank
you for your very generous donation ever
talking tried
[Music]
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you
[Music]